you know the interesting thing about
skeptics is that we're always looking
for proof question is what on earth
would we do if we found it
what did you believe I believe that
people prefer light of themselves than
face the truth last year the Vatican
received over a half a million reports
of demonic possession this is taken at
an exorcism in children it's not the
devil just a very very sick girl she
doesn't need a priest she needs a shrink
I have a parade in years
last night I found myself praying for
you
it knows you it knows all your sins
and do not speak to it is devin coming
by you
you know
I cannot defeat it when you believe in
it